Add documentation for chaining of comparisons and equalities (#511)
crystal-lang/crystal-book: docs/syntax_and_semantics/operators.md

| `>=` | greater or equal | `1 >= 2` | yes |
| `<=>` | comparison | `1 <=> 2` | yes |

#### Chaining Equality and Comparison

> The compiler allows for `==`, `!=`, `===`, `<`, `>`, `<=`, and `>=` 
> to be chained together. 

Reviewer: This is a documentation of the language, not the compiler (that's just implementation), so it's better to not refer to compiler behaviour, but language behaviour. I'd also suggest adding more explanation to "chaining" together.

```suggestion
Equality and comparison operators `==`, `!=`, `===`, `<`, `>`, `<=`, and `>=` 
can be chained together and are interpreted as a compound expression. 
```

For example `a <= b <= c` is treated as `a <= b && b <= c`
and it is even possible to mix operators of the same 
[operator precedence](#operator-precedence) 
like `a >= b <= c > d`. 

> It is not advised to chain operators of different precedences since this may lead to compile time errors.

Reviewer 2: Minor suggestion:

```suggestion
Operators with different precedences can be chained too, however, it is advised to avoid it, since it is makes the code harder to understand. For instance `a == b <= c` is interpreted as `a == b && b <= c`, while `a <= b == c` is interpreted as `(a <= b) == c`. 
```

Author: This really makes things more clear :)

Minor thing:
`a <= b == c` is interpreted as `a <= (b == c)`, right?

Reviewer 2: Nice catch! Fixed
